Added initial video transcriptions for PO articles (#96)
InnerSourceCommons/InnerSourceLearningPath: product-owner/01-opening-article.md

> Hey, middle managers, product owners, and program managers. Do you want to lead happier and more effective teams? Would you like to be more of a leader and less of a bookkeeper stuck in reporting hell? By implementing InnerSource processes at my company, we were able to refactor several large systems that were approximately 80% interrupt-driven development. And we all know how difficult an environment that is to manage in. Much less developing. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hey, middle managers, product owners, and program managers. Do you want to lead happier and more effective teams? Would you like to be more of a leader and less of a bookkeeper stuck in reporting hell? By implementing InnerSource processes at my company, we were able to refactor several large systems that were approximately 80% interrupt-driven development. And we all know how difficult an environment that is to manage in, much less develop in. 
```

Through the InnerSource process, we also reduced decades of cumulative internal backlog features in less than a year. The key element of InnerSource is being open. This breaks down the silos that most corporate teams are trapped in. We will talk about the basic InnerSource techniques that enable this to happen, saving us countless management and developer hours. 

> Hi. My name is [? Selena ?] [INAUDIBLE], and I'm a director at PayPal. I have successfully trained over 40 teams and 1,500 people in the InnerSource process I also participate and speak regularly at the Inner Source commons. Please come join us. Check out innersourcecommons.org. You can also get a copy of the booklet I wrote with O'Reilly there at innersourcecommons.org/checklist. It has even more details in this video. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hi. My name is Silona Bonewald, and I'm a director at PayPal. I have successfully trained over 40 teams and 1,500 people in the InnerSource process.  I also participate and speak regularly at the Inner Source commons. Please come join us. Check out innersourcecommons.org. You can also get a copy of the booklet I wrote with O'Reilly there at innersourcecommons.org/checklist. It has even more details in this video. 
```
